Add tests (#74)
connorshea/vscode-ruby-test-adapter: README.md

- Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/connorshea/vscode-ruby-test-adapter`
- Run `bin/setup` to install dependencies.
- Open the directory in VS Code.
- Run `npm run watch` or start the `watch` Task in VS Code to get the TypeScript compiler running.
- Go to the Debug section in the sidebar and run "Ruby adapter". This will start a separate VS Code instance for testing the extension in. It gets updated code whenever "Reload Window" is run in the Command Palette.
  - You'll need a Ruby project if you want to actually use the extension to run tests, I generally use my project [VideoGameList](https://github.com/connorshea/VideoGameList) for testing, but any Ruby project with RSpec or Minitest tests will work.

This extension is based on [the example test adapter](https://github.com/hbenl/vscode-example-test-adapter), it may be useful to check that repository for more information. Test adapters for other languages may also be useful references.

### Running tests

There are two groups of tests included in the repository.

- Tests for Ruby scripts to collect test information and run tests. Run with `bundle exec rake` in `ruby` directory.

> - Tests for VS Code extensiion which invokes the Ruby scripts. Run from VS Code with "Tests for" configuration.

Reviewer: To make this a bit clearer and fix a typo:
```suggestion
- Tests for VS Code extension which invokes the Ruby scripts. Run from VS Code's debug panel with the "Run tests for" configuration.
```

Reviewer: Related, do you happen to know if there's a way to boot the VS Code instance with no other extensions/configs installed? It'd probably make testing a bit more consistent when done locally. Not a blocker, was just curious.
